Data protection test feature docs (#97594)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-dpt-use-case-bsl-spec.adoc

* You have created the `DataProtectionApplication` (DPA) CR.
* You have configured a bucket to store the backups.
* You have created the `Secret` object to access the bucket storage.
* You have an application with persistent volume claims (PVCs) running in a separate namespace.

.Procedure

.  Create a manifest file for the DPT CR as shown in the example:
+
.Example DPT CR
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: DataProtectionTest
metadata:
  name: dpt-sample
  namespace: openshift-adp
spec:
  backupLocationSpec: # <1>
    provider: aws
    default: true
    objectStorage:
      bucket: sample-bucket # <2>
      prefix: velero
    config:
      region: us-east-1 # <3>
      profile: "default"
      insecureSkipTLSVerify: "true"
      s3Url: "https://s3.amazonaws.com/sample-bucket"
    credential: # <4>
      name: cloud-credentials
      key: cloud
  uploadSpeedTestConfig: # <5>
    fileSize: 50MB
    timeout: 120s
  csiVolumeSnapshotTestConfigs: # <6>
    - volumeSnapshotSource:
        persistentVolumeClaimName: mongo
        persistentVolumeClaimNamespace: mongo-persistent
      snapshotClassName: csi-snapclass
      timeout: 2m
  forceRun: true

> ----

Author: Added this flag in the aws use case. thanks.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/oadp-data-protection-test.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oadp-dpt-use-case-bsl-spec.adoc_{context}"]
= Running a data protection test by configuring a backup storage location specification

[role="_abstract"]
In this use case, you configure the `DataProtectionTest` (DPT) custom resource (CR) by specifying the backup storage location (BSL) specification instead of a BSL name. You then run the DPT CR to verify the Container Storage Initiative (CSI) snapshot readiness and the data upload performance to the storage bucket.

.Prerequisites

* You have logged in to the {product-title} cluster as a user with the `cluster-admin` role.
* You have installed the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).
* You have installed the {oadp-short} Operator.
* You have created the `DataProtectionApplication` (DPA) CR.

> * You have configured a backup storage location (BSL) to store the backups.

Reviewer: In this example we are not creating BSL, It's part of DPT spec. 

```suggestion
* You have created bucket to store the backups.
```

* You have an application with persistent volume claims (PVCs) running a separate namespace.

> 

Reviewer: you have created secret to access bucket storage

.. `backupLocationSpec` field
.. `csiVolumeSnapshotTestConfigs` object 
.. `uploadSpeedTestConfig` object
+
.Example DPT CR
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: DataProtectionTest
metadata:
  name: dpt-sample
  namespace: openshift-adp
spec:
  backupLocationSpec: # <1>
    provider: aws
    default: true
    objectStorage:
      bucket: sample-bucket # <2>
      prefix: velero
    config:
      region: us-east-1 # <3>
      profile: "default"
      insecureSkipTLSVerify: "true"
      s3Url: "https://s3.amazonaws.com/sample-bucket"
    credential: # <4>
      name: cloud-credentials
      key: cloud
  uploadSpeedTestConfig: # <5>
    fileSize: 50MB
    timeout: 120s
  csiVolumeSnapshotTestConfigs: # <6>
    - volumeSnapshotSource:
        persistentVolumeClaimName: mongo
        persistentVolumeClaimNamespace: mongo-persistent
      snapshotClassName: csi-snapclass
      timeout: 2m
  forceRun: true
----
<1> Configure the BSL spec by specifying details such as the cloud provider.
<2> Specify the bucket name. In this example, the bucket name is `sample-bucket`.
<3> Specify the cloud provider region.
<4> Specify the cloud credentials for the storage bucket.

> <5> Configure the `uploadSpeedTestConfig` object by setting the `fileSize` and `timeout` fields.

Reviewer: I think we should mark it as optional just in case Customer only wants to test FS backup performance or CSI readiness 
```suggestion
<5> (Optional) Configure the `uploadSpeedTestConfig` object by setting the `fileSize` and `timeout` fields.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/oadp-data-protection-test.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oadp-dpt-use-case-bsl-spec.adoc_{context}"]
= Running a data protection test by configuring a backup storage location specification

[role="_abstract"]

> In this use case, you configure the `DataProtectionTest` (DPT) custom resource (CR) by specifying the backup storage location (BSL) specification instead of a BSL name. You then run the DPT CR to verify the Container Storage Initiative (CSI) snapshot readiness and the data upload performance to the storage bucket.

Author: I see. I was not aware of this rule (short desc should be less than 250 words). If it is a really strict rule, then we may need to remove the role? Not sure yet.

.Prerequisites

* You have logged in to the {product-title} cluster as a user with the `cluster-admin` role.
* You have installed the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).
* You have installed the {oadp-short} Operator.
* You have created the `DataProtectionApplication` (DPA) CR.
* You have configured a bucket to store the backups.
* You have created the `Secret` object to access the bucket storage.
* You have an application with persistent volume claims (PVCs) running a separate namespace.

.Procedure

.  Create a manifest file for the DPT CR and configure the following details as shown in the example:
.. `backupLocationSpec` field
.. `csiVolumeSnapshotTestConfigs` object 
.. `uploadSpeedTestConfig` object
+

> .Example DPT CR

Author: But block titles are allowed for examples, AFAIK. The package itself mentions this. So I am hoping this one should be fine?

> .Example DPT CR

Reviewer 2: To my best knowledge, DITA doesn't allow block titles within steps.
